BookA-Pset_GeoObsMappedUnit (#587)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/c/CoveragePercentage_0zErkL8B54XBTK$nUEKqm5/Documentation.md

> Related to the MappedZone, e.g.% of the tunnel face where a certian ground types was documented.

Reviewer: `MappedZone` is formatted differently than in the `AreaID` description.

Author: Suggestion: Rewrite to "Coverage in percentage of the mapped feature in relation to the mapped zone, e.g. tunnel face, to which it belongs."
Ping @SergejMuhic and @j-weil.

> Related to the MappedZone, e.g.% of the tunnel face where a certian ground types was documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Related to the MappedZone, e. g. percent of the tunnel face where a certain ground type was documented.
```

Author: See suggestion in previous comment.
